h1. automate-em

A framework for building automation and control.


h2. Creating a control project

# Create a new rails project
#* Configure your database etc
# Add @gem "automate-em"@ to your gem file
#* Also add @gem 'login', :git => 'git://github.com/stakach/advanced-authenticator.git'@
#* This dependency will be removed soon to allow for any authentication system to be utilised
# From a console type:
## @bundle install@
## @rake railties:install:migrations FROM=login_engine@
## @rake railties:install:migrations FROM=automate@
## @rake db:migrate@

You now have a blank control project


h2. Generating module scaffolding

From a console

# type: @rails g module module/scope/and_name@
#* An example would be: @rails g module NecCorp/Projectors/Np2000@
#* This will create a file at @app/modules/nec_corp/projectors/np2000.rb@
# You will be asked what type of module you would like to generate
#* Type: @device@ for a generic device module (a raw TCP or UDP protocol including telnet)
#* Type: @service@ for any module that will be interfacing with a HTTP(S) service
#* Type: @logic@ to generate a controller/interfacing module

Note: The scope (@NEC/Projectors@ in the example above) is optional and can be as deep or shallow as makes sense.

h2. Writing Modules

Please see: "writing modules":https://github.com/stakach/automate-em/wiki/writing-modules


h2. System Configuration

Please see: "system configuration":https://github.com/stakach/automate-em/wiki/system-configuration


h2. Running

From a command console type: @rake automate@
